feat: make image signing optional with improved onboarding (#10)
projectbluefin/finpilot: .github/copilot-instructions.md

   - `artifacthub-repo.yml` (line 5): `repositoryID: new-repo-name`
   - `custom/ujust/README.md` (~line 175): `localhost/new-repo-name:latest`

> 4. **Explain that image signing is OPTIONAL** and disabled by default

Author: ```suggestion
4. **Explain that image signing is STRONGLY RECOMMENDED** and disabled by default
```
